[Merged by Bors] - Move node key to config directory and enable loading of multiple identities (#5592)
spacemeshos/go-spacemesh: CHANGELOG.md

data that is needed to be broadcasted / fetched from the network and reduces the amount of data that needs to be stored
locally, because only one database is needed for all identities instead of one for each identity.

To ensure you are eligible for rewards of any given identity, the associated PoST service must be running and connected
to the node during the cyclegap set in the node's configuration. After successfully broadcasting the ATX and registering
at a PoET server the PoST services can be stopped with only the node having to be online.

This change moves the private keys associated for an identity from the PoST data directory to the node's data directory
and into the folder `identities` (i.e. if `state.sql` is in folder `data` the keys will now be stored in `data/identities`).
The node will automatically migrate the `key.bin` file from the PoST data directory during the first startup and copy
it to the new location as `identity.key`. The content of the file stays unchanged (= the private key of the identity hex-encoded).

##### Adding new identities/PoST services to a node

> To add a new identity to a node initialize PoST data and with `postcli` and let the tool generate a new private key for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new identity to a node, initialize PoST data with `postcli` and let it generate a new private key for
```

Author: I took your suggestions besides the comma. I don't think it belongs there; "to add a new identity to a node" cannot stand alone.

Reviewer: I think that the comma is required. It's an "introductory comma" - it's explained here https://nps.edu/web/gwc/commas-introductory. I'm not sure if it's very trustworthy but Gemini also thinks its required: https://g.co/gemini/share/aa5c24f9b9e5.

Author: Well TIL 😅

you:

```shell
./postcli -provider=2 -numUnits=4 -datadir=/path/to/data \
    -commitmentAtxId=c230c51669d1fcd35860131e438e234726b2bd5f9adbbd91bd88a718e7e98ecb
```

Make sure to replace `provider` with your provider of choice and `numUnits` with the number of PoST units you want to

> initialize. The `commitmentAtxId` is the commitment ATX ID of the identity you want to initialize. For details on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
initialize. The `commitmentAtxId` is the commitment ATX ID for the identity you want to initialize. For details on the
```

usage of `postcli` please refer to [postcli README](https://github.com/spacemeshos/post/cmd/postcli/README.md).

During initialization `postcli` will generate a new private key and store it in the PoST data directory as `key.bin`.
Copy this file to your `data/identities` directory and rename it to `xxx.key` where `xxx` is a unique identifier for
the identity. The node will automatically pick up the new identity and manage its lifecycle after a restart.

Setup the `post-service` [binary](https://github.com/spacemeshos/post-rs/releases) or
[docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/spacemeshos/post-service/tags) with the data and configure it to connect to your
node. For details refer to the [post-service README](https://github.com/spacemeshos/post-rs/blob/main/service/README.md).

> ##### Migrating existing identities/PoST services to a node

Reviewer: I'd add a warning to never run the migrated nodes again to avoid being marked as malicious and banned from the network.

> If you have multiple nodes running and want to migrate to use only one node for both identities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple nodes running and want to migrate to use only one node for all identities:
```
